# DSpotify-Song-Downloder-Bot

Create a Telegram bot, you'll need to follow these steps:

Set up a Telegram account: If you don't already have a Telegram account, download the Telegram app on your mobile device or visit the Telegram website (https://telegram.org/) and create an account.

Create a new bot: To create a new bot, you'll need to interact with the BotFather, which is the official bot for creating and managing bots on Telegram. In the search bar of Telegram, search for "@BotFather" and start a chat with it.

Start the bot creation process: Once you're chatting with the BotFather, follow these steps:

-Type "/newbot" to create a new bot.
-The BotFather will ask you to choose a name for your bot. Provide a name (e.g., "MyAwesomeBot").
-Next, you'll need to choose a username for your bot. It must end with "bot" (e.g., "MyAwesomeBot_bot").
-After selecting a username, the BotFather will provide you with a token. This token is crucial as it's used to authenticate and access the Telegram Bot API. Keep this token safe, as you'll need it later.


This project requires FFmpeg, a powerful multimedia framework, to handle audio and video processing tasks. FFmpeg enables various operations such as format conversion, editing, filtering, and streaming.

Before proceeding with the project, ensure that FFmpeg is installed on your system. 

Installing FFmpeg on Linux:

1. Open a terminal.
2. Update the package lists by running the following command:
`
sudo apt update
`
3. Install FFmpeg by running the following command:
`
sudo apt install ffmpeg
`
This command will install FFmpeg along with its dependencies.
4. After the installation is complete, you can verify the installation by checking the FFmpeg version:
`
ffmpeg -version
`
You should see the version information displayed in the terminal.


Installing FFmpeg on Windows:

1. Go to the FFmpeg website at https://ffmpeg.org/ and navigate to the "Download" section.
2. Scroll down and locate the "Get the Packages" section. You'll find a list of available packages for Windows.
3. Download the latest static build of FFmpeg for Windows by clicking on the "Windows" link next to "Static Builds."
4. Extract the downloaded ZIP file to a location of your choice.
5. Once extracted, you'll have a folder containing the FFmpeg binaries. To use FFmpeg from the command line, you need to add its location to the system's PATH environment variable.
6. Click "OK" on all the open windows to save the changes.
7. To verify the installation, open a command prompt and type:
`
ffmpeg -version
`
You should see the version information displayed in the command prompt.

Install the requirement file. Using
`
pip install -r requirements.txt
`

After all requirements are installed successfully.
1. Go to app folder.
2. Then go to __init__.py file.
3. Go to line number 56.
4. Add the token here `updater = Updater("Your token here",use_context=True)` generated by bot father.
